hey guys I've been going to a lot of
vegan restaurants lately and very often
while I was sitting in those vegan
restaurants are busy I'm going to a lot
of vegan restaurants lately because
we've been traveling and not always
having access to our own kitchen and so
on uh look I don't even know am I making
excuses for anything in restaurants or
not now let's say that but it's true
it's not really my thing
vegan cuisine but we've got a video
coming up where we review every vegan
restaurant in Detroit because I think we
went to every vegan restaurant in
Detroit and Ann Arbor Michigan we did a
video we went to almost every vegan
restaurant in Chiang Mai Thailand but
you know when I go to these vegan
restaurants whether I'm in Canada or
other countries around the world I often
sit down and I wonder how many of the
other people in this restaurant are
vegan do any of them even suspect that
I'm vegan or do they just think that I'm
here for the borscht or they just think
I'm in for the bagels or whatever
because of the majority at successful
vegan restaurants the majority of the
customers are not vegan so my lovely
assistant Melissa here oh there's
Melissa on camera
my girlfriend Melissa sewed these vegan
patches onto my otherwise drab winter
coat it brightens up my winter coat and
lets people know that that I'm vegan and
during the live stream we're gonna do
coming up I think in the background here
she is going to be sewing this charming
patch on to Rome winter coat and you
know I mean it's partly about repping
the cause it's partly about repping your
set but it also just is that thing I go
even at a vegan restaurant I ask myself
is anybody else your vegan and I realize
other people are looking at me silently
ask themselves that same question